[♪ Dramatic music playing]
[Rue] The coldest female
Alamo ever knew...
Was his mama.
[Mama Brown] Now. look.
the man coming.
he ain't like your daddy.
He a good man.
He a God-fearing man.
And I want him
to take care of us.
Hot meals. clothes.
Shoes that fit.
That sound nice?
He ain't the prettiest man.
but don't you say nothin'
about that. you hear?
You shake his hand
and you look him in the eyes.
'Cause he could love me.
But that don't mean nothin'
if he don't love you. too.
'Cause you the most important
thing in the world to me.
- I sold him on this whole idea.
- [Knocking]
I made some big promises.
[Door opens]
- Hi. you.
- How you doing. beautiful?
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Come on.
Mo?
This my friend
I was telling you about.
I'm Preston.
Nice to finally meet you.
Alamo.
Nice to meet you. too.
[Preston]
Nice firm handshake
you got there.
[Alamo] Thanks.
[Rue]
He seemed nice.
But his scars scared Alamo.
- [TV playing faintly]
- [Mama Brown humming softly]
Mm.
Shh.
- [Mama Brown] Mm-hmm.
- Damn it. I'm gonna
have to kill you too.
[Softly]
Now don't get me
in no trouble.
[♪ Jazz piano music playing]
[Rue] He may have been
ugly on the outside.
but on the inside.
he was a good man.
Heavenly Father.
thank you for the food
we are about to receive.
Bless the hand
that prepared it.
and may it strengthen us
so we can continue
to do Your work.
In Jesus name. Amen.
- [Mama Brown and Alamo] Amen.
- [Preston] Mm.
[Rue]
And he loved his mama.
[Preston]
You're so beautiful.
[Mama Brown chuckles]
Hey! [snapping]
Go to bed.
♪ Let my people go ♪
- Welcome to Messiah.
- Good morning.
Good morning. brother.
I appreciate that. Thank you.
Thanks for coming.
- Morning!
- [Congregants chattering]
♪ Now. when Israel
was in Egypt land ♪
♪ Let my people go ♪
♪ Mm. made old Pharaoh
understand ♪
- ♪ Let my people go ♪
- ♪ So the Lord said ♪
- ♪ Go down ♪
- ♪ Moses ♪
♪ Way down Egypt land.
tell old... ♪
[Rue]
Alamo thanked God
for bringing Preston
into their lives.
♪ Let my people go ♪
I want you to look to God
and I want you to say. "Lord."
- [all] Lord.
- Come on. look up
and say. "Lord!"
- [all] Lord.
- "You got my attention."
[all]
You got my attention.
Hey. what's goin' on. brother?
- Solid. brother.
- Ah.
What kinda ice cream
you want?
- Strawberry shortcake.
- Let me get two
- of those strawberry shortcakes.
- [Chuckles]
When you getting
that settlement?
Soon.
You said "soon" a year ago.
Yeah. you know how they be.
They dotting they I's.
crossing they T's.
After what they done
to your face.
they oughta make you
rich as cream.
♪ Let my people ♪
♪ Go ♪
[Rue]
Everyone said Preston
used to be handsome.
Alamo didn't know him
back then.
He worked at
a chemical factory
until a vat
blew up in his face.
Now. when I get this money...
We gonna send you
to one of those white schools.
You might have to wear
a uniform.
Heck. you might even learn
to speak French.
[Alamo and Preston laughing]
Don't tell your mama I bought
you no ice cream. right?
[Rue]
One day. Preston came home
with some news.
[Mama Brown] Hey. babe.
What's-- what's that?
- [Preston laughing]
- [Mama Brown] We rich?
- We rich?!
- Yeah!
[Mama Brown
screaming excitedly]
- [Preston] Got you somethin'.
- [Rue] Preston knew
that he was lucky
to have Alamo's mama.
[Mama Brown gasps]
[Rue] So he treated her
like a princess.
You love me. Daddy.
[Rue] There was barely
a day that went by
where he didn't come home
with a gift.
- You know I do.
- [Mama Brown chuckles softly]
You can place it right there.
[♪ Upbeat Motown music playing]
Right next to the table.
Make sure not to scratch
the glass.
And you be extra careful
with these. please.
[Game chiming]
Careful with those.
That goes in the bedroom.
Ain't this just
the most beautiful thing
- you ever seen. Alamo?
- [Whispering] Yeah.
- Did Mama enroll you
at school today?
- Mm-hmm.
- Ain't that right?
- Mm.
Alamo. they excited
to meet you.
- [Alamo giggles]
- [Preston chuckles]
They mention a uniform?
Mm. no.
But I'll ask.
- Mm.
- They don't start
till September.
[♪ Disco music playing]
[line ringing]
Mo?
Homework. not cowboys.
Hey. [laughing]
Yes.
Mm-hmm.
Soon. love.
You'll see.
Red box.
Middle drawer.
[Laughing]
[Rue] To this day.
that was the best summer
of Alamo's life.
They even went to the beach
on vacation for Labor Day.
- [Preston] Tell you a secret?
- Yes. sir.
Promise not to say anything?
Yes. sir.
When we get back home...
I'm gonna ask your mama
to marry me.
Look. I know you had
a tough time with your daddy.
But I want to try
to make up for that.
You know. give you
and your mama a good life.
So. what do you say?
I got your blessing. young man?
Yes. sir.
My guy. [chuckles]
[Rue]
They were returning home
to a new life.
[Mama Brown]
So what was
your favorite part? Hm?
The beach or...
Oh. my God.
- Oh. my God.
- Baby. baby.
No. no. no.
My jewelry. sh--
Oh. no. goddamn it!
- [Preston] Baby. calm down.
- [Mama Brown]
What am I supposed
to stay calm for?
Ain't nothing in here!
[Rue] They had been robbed
of everything they were worth.
[Preston] What are you doing?
Why are you-- why are you
- taking the bag? Baby?
- [Mama Brown] Alamo?
[Rue] His mama wanted
to take him and leave.
- [Thunder rumbling]
- Okay. Alamo. time to go.
[Sniffling]
[Preston sobbing]
Baby.
Baby. please just don't.
Don't do this.
I can fix this.
I promise. baby.
Preston. ain't nothing
for you to fix.
- I can fix this. Please.
- There's nothing here to fix.
This is some bad luck shit.
and I can't take it.
- [Sobbing]
- Go out the door.
- Come on.
- I can fix this.
- [Door closes]
- [sobbing] I can fix this.
[Thunder rumbling]
[Rue]
Alamo didn't understand why
they couldn't just go back
to the way things were.
Shit.
[Rue] Why they had to up
and go to a whole new city.
Okay.
I make the best
choices for you.
And let me tell you.
that man was bad luck.
Hold this.
- [Elevator dings]
- [knocker clacking]
Hey. babe.
Check out the new digs.
baby.
[Mama Brown chuckles]
[Mama Brown]
Come in. Alamo.
And close the door.
[Door closes]
[Mama Brown sighs]
Oh! It's been a day.
You gonna make me
a drink. babe?
[Partner] Mm-hmm.
[Mama Brown] It's beautiful.
- [Partner] Just like you. sugar.
- [Mama Brown chuckles]
Now. which one of them jokers
you hired broke my cat?
[Partner]
Your cat look fine to me.
[Mama Brown chuckles]
[Mama Brown] I'm talking
'bout my figurine.
[Partner] Mm.
Well. I can't tell you
who broke it.
but I can damn sure fix it.
[Mama Brown chuckles]
Okay... [indistinct]
- Mm.
- [Partner] Mm-hmm.
You gonna put your stuff
up on the wall.
[Partner]
Now that you're here.
how 'bout I put you
on the wall right now?
[Rue] Alamo realized
it was all an act.
None of it was real.
Go.
Go down the hall.
Which room is it?
[Partner] It's all the way
in the back.
[Mama Brown]
I'll be down there later.
honey.
It's the one at the end.
Don't look at me
like that. Alamo.
You wasn't the one that
had to kiss his ugly face.
[Partner chuckles]
[Rue]
It was just one long con.
[Partner muttering indistinctly]
[Rue] And the real mark
wasn't even Preston.
It was Alamo.
He believed her.
[♪ Big band music playing]
That night. he made
a promise to himself.
For as long as he lived.
never again would a bitch
outsmart him.
[Gun cocking]
- [gunshot]
- [bullet ricocheting]
[♪ Big band music
continues playing]
Hyah!
[♪ Suspenseful music playing]
[screaming]
[horse neighing]
[Rue] Hey. man.
What-- what are you doing?
Stepping up to the plate.
it's The Great Bambino.
[Rue] Come on. man.
don't do that.
What are you doing?
No. no. no. no. no. no. no!
Hey. come on.
- Come on. don't do that.
- Jack Dunn's baby.
I can-- I can-- no. no. no!
Hey. hey. hey.
Hey. no. no. no!
No! No. no. Hey. hey.
Hey. no. no!
I can help you!
The gi-- no. no. the girl.
The girl.
The girl. the getaway driver.
I know her. I know her.
and her name is--
Her name is Faye.
- Babe Ruth!
- No. no. no. no!
I can call her. I can call her.
I can get your money back.
I can get it back. Please.
[People chattering indistinctly]
[snorting loudly]
[chatter continues]
[Rue] Apparently.
Faye sampled the drugs
they stole from
the Silver Slipper.
[Faye sighs]
[Rue]
And instead of getting high...
- [Stomach gurgling]
- I've been on the toilet
for two hours.
- [Loose flatulence]
- I can't stop shitting.
Aw. man. that-- that sucks.
I-- I hate when
I have diarrhea.
Yeah. um...
Listen. Faye. I--
I kinda need you
to do me a little favor.
Um. can you. uh.
can you just find Wayne's key.
the one to the safe.
and just. like. take a picture
of it. uh. next to a quarter?
Why a quarter?
[Rue] Just for scale.
- This sounds complicated.
- It's not.
It's not really
that complicated.
It's pretty easy.
And. uh. i-if you
do this for me.
I could. uh. let you--
Let you keep some money.
Like. rob them?
I'm not gonna rob them.
[Rue]
The only problem was...
Mm. mm.
[Loud chewing]
Mm.
[Rue] ...Faye had fallen
madly in love.
You are the most beautiful girl
I've ever laid my eyes on.
Mm.
[Chuckles]
[♪ Romantic string music
playing]
Look. um.
I'm gonna talk to Laurie...
'Cause you shouldn't be muling.
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay?
Mm-hmm.
Only thing you oughta be
carrying in that belly
is some fair-skinned babies.
It's my dream.
And. you know.
one thing led to another.
and he gave me a tattoo.
- [Tattoo gun buzzing]
- Is it a butterfly?
Sexier.
Wait. so are you a Nazi now?
[Faye] Not really.
- So. sort of.
- Just forget I told you.
Okay.
Look. I just need you
to get the picture. okay?
Can you do that?
[Rue]
The plan was simple.
Get a picture of the key
to Wayne's safe
and have Alamo's guy
3D-print a duplicate.
[Faye]
I just can't.
Wayne is the love of my life.
[Rue]
[chuckles] Oh. alright.
Well. I'm gonna be
fucking killed.
And. uh. all you need
to do is take a picture. so.
[Chuckles] I-- I hope you--
You're happy about that.
Why don't you just lie to them
and say I'll help you?
[Rue]
Aw. you know who-- [scoffs]
You know who would fucking
help me right now. is Fez.
Fez would help me.
but you know where he is?
He's in fucking jail.
Why?
Because your last
fuckin' junkie boyfriend!
[Rue sighs]
Faye?
He helped you.
and I need you to help me.
Can you do that?
Please.
He was a true friend. alright?
He had your back.
he had my back.
And I need you to have
my back right now. man.
Can you do that?
Can you help me right now?
Please?
Faye?
You promise I can
keep the money?
[Faye] Okay.
Okay. yes.
Yes. okay.
I have to go.
Hey. puppy.
- Who you talking to?
- A friend.
Who's the friend?
The one in prison.
Your ex-boyfriend?
Just a friend.
Uh-huh.
You were doing coke?
I'm trying to put
a fucking baby in you.
you doing coke?
This isn't actually coke.
I got two eyeballs.
That's fuckin' coke.
You're not listening to me.
- It's not actually--
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Don't you try to fuckin'
wiggle out of this.
Last thing I need
is you to be giving birth
to some creepy crawly.
Okay?
[Keys jingling]
Baby. you said you're gonna
take care of yourself.
I come in here. what do I find?
Cocaine.
I'm sorry.
[Safe door opens]
[sighs]
You been taking
your prenatal?
Every day.
Pretty soon there
ain't gonna be
no drugs. okay?
It's just gonna be money.
Stacks of it.
Baby. Bougie. Bougie.
Hey.
- You don't like money?
- I like money.
Yeah. you like money?
You like it?
- Like designer clothes?
- Yeah.
- Mani pedis?
Look. whatever my baby needs.
she gets. okay?
You like that?
You like the sound of that?
- I love it.
- Yeah.
[Both chuckle]
Well. good. 'cause it's coming.
Okay?
Only one who don't see it
comin' is that fucking
silverback gorilla.
Alamo Brown.
Mm.
- Oh. shit.
- [Faye chuckles]
[Rue] Alamo agreed
to meet Laurie at his house.
- [Keys jingling]
- [Faye laughing]
[♪ Western music playing]
Showtime.
[♪ Western music
continues playing]
[Bullet clicking]
[kiss smacking]
[♪ Western music
continues playing]
[Inhaling deeply]
[♪ Western music swells]
[gun cocking]
Alamo Brown.
Thanks for having us.
I really love your house.
I hate that things have gotten
so contentious between us.
Well. if you'd apologized...
We wouldn't be here.
I like it here.
Yeah. I think we're in
a pretty good position.
So. what you want?
For my big Black ass to get
down on his hands and knees
and beg for mercy?
"Please. Massa Laurie.
Spare me.
I don't know no better."
I'd fucking love to see that.
[Beads rattling]
Oh. I bet you would. cracker.
[Laurie] I got something
better in mind.
You own a company called
Gold Rush Medical Services?
I own me a lot of businesses.
Why the fuck you asking?
You mind explaining
this one in particular?
I take me some girls
down to Mexicali
for plastic surgery.
dental work. that sort of shit.
Why?
Your ugly mug in need
of a makeover?
[Laurie]
Do you use ambulances?
[Alamo]
Something like that.
You get them medical
passes. too?
The ones that let you
sail across the border?
[Alamo chuckles]
I see where this is going.
[Laurie] So. if you were
to go down to bolt some boobs
onto one of your whores.
it wouldn't be that difficult
to bring something back.
- You talking fentanyl?
- Something like that.
[Alamo] You know.
there's something
I don't understand
about your business.
Why y'all dumb motherfuckers
wanna kill the customer?
[Laurie] The real question is.
why does the customer
wanna buy something
that can kill them?
It's supply and demand.
Don't blame me.
And if I say no?
[Wayne]
We'll take everything we stole.
wrap it up in a big box
with a beautiful bow.
and we'll mail it to the FBI.
Well. I guess
that's a yes. then.
Attaboy.
Hey. I'd watch your
motherfucking mouth. playboy.
[Alamo] If I do this...
I'll get my stuff back. right?
- [Laurie] Yes.
- [Alamo] Yeah.
And how do I know
that your pasty ass
ain't gonna string me along?
Don't you read the news?
Bitch. I don't give a fuck
about the news.
They're shutting
the border down.
Putting hard-working Americans
like us out of business.
It's one and done.
and we all live
happily ever after.
Hm.
How much am I carrying?
Eighty kilos.
[G] [whistling]
Goddamn!
Mama's got a brand-new mule.
Jackpot!
[Chuckles]
Good job. Rue.
You know. I think I would
like Mitch and Rue
to drive down.
[Alamo]
Rue ain't going nowhere.
[Laurie]
She's good at this.
I got people I trust more.
You don't trust Rue?
[Alamo] You pick your people.
and I'll pick mine.
Deal?
Deal.
[Gun cocking]
And if you as much as try
to fuck me in the slightest.
even put a pinky up my ass.
I will come down on you
like Hiroshima. Nagasaki.
Not a motherfucker
left standing.
You hear?
Now. get your pasty ass
out of my fuckin' house.
[Jimenez] If everything
goes according to plan.
these people will spend the rest
of their lives behind bars.
Okay. so. uh. what about me?
You did your job.
you kept your word.
The U.S. attorney will look
at your case favorably.
- So that's it?
- For the time being.
- Okay.
- You did good. kid.
Never thought I'd hear that.
[Chuckles]
[Bowman] We're almost there.
Stay sharp.
[Rue sighs]
Thank you. God.
[Rue]
I tried to warn Maddy
about Alamo.
I'm a big girl. Rue.
I'm not scared of him.
Okay. well.
if he's such a monster.
why do you work for him?
[Rue] Her goal was to milk
these girls for every penny...
And get Alamo
to back her business.
One where she didn't have
to answer to anyone.
[Maddy] Yeah.
[Door banging]
Hey. Maddy. are you sure
this thing's safe?
- Get kinda...
- [Camera clicking]
- Like "Mm. it hurts."
- [moaning lightly]
[camera clicking]
- Turn around. Let me see
a little bit of that ass.
- [Kitty chuckles]
[camera continues clicking]
- [Rue] And this last week...
- [Kisses smacking]
[camera continues clicking]
- [Rue] ...had laid
the groundwork.
- [Camera clicking]
- [♪ Music playing faintly]
- [people chattering]
- [Alamo] There she is.
- [Chuckles softly]
The club is so photogenic.
- You gotta see these.
- I designed it myself.
right down to the last
piece of fabric.
Well. you got good taste.
Tell me something
I don't know.
Hey. I'm Maddy.
I know.
Take no offense.
This nigga got no social skills.
[Maddy] Hm.
I think this is a good one
right there. that's money.
[Maddy]
Yeah. I really like this one.
Hey. I was thinking.
it would be good
if you gave the girls
some time off
so I could take them out.
introduce them to people.
start building their profiles.
What you talking about.
time off?
Well. they work. like.
six days a week.
Yeah. That's my money.
It would just be nice
to have some time
with them so I can--
Look here. when we made
this agreement.
you didn't say nothing
about taking my bitches.
If you did.
we wouldn't have this agreement.
I'm not trying
to take your girls.
Bishop. do I look
like a wet pussy?
- No.
- Then why do I feel like
everybody's trying to fuck me?
- How one feels is irrelevant.
- Irrelevant?
Motherfucker. you got eyes
and ears. don't you?
- Yes. I do.
- And what they seen and heard?
There are people
trying to fuck you.
I don't know
if Maddy Perez is one of them.
- [♪ Soft music playing]
- [canvas scraping]
[Rue] Against all odds.
life was looking okay.
Maybe every mistake
I've made
led me to the right place
after all.
[Chuckles softly]
[♪ Soft music continues playing]
You know what I think
my problem is?
There's only one?
[Chuckles softly]
I have no responsibilities
to anyone except myself.
I think that's why
I have so much anxiety
and depression.
Now. if I had kids.
I think it'd be different.
- You wanna have kids?
- Yeah.
I wanna start a life.
Get married. have a family.
I don't know if you're ready
for kids. Rue.
Nobody's ready for kids. right?
But they just do it.
Then your problems aren't
about yourself anymore.
Mm.
How long have you been
sober this time?
A bit.
I mean. like a while.
I'm not really counting
the days this time.
I just want good old-fashioned
American problems.
What you're talking about
is fantasy.
Yeah. well. what you're doing
is kinda a fantasy.
You're in a relationship
with a married guy
who's never gonna be there.
Opposed to you?
I mean. I wanna wake up
to someone I love.
Someone who depends on me.
Someone who expects me to be
the best version of myself.
I think that's the solution.
Because I-- I have to live for
something greater than myself.
And you think
we're gonna be that?
Why not?
How romantic.
I want to be with you.
[Jules] I don't get it.
Well. the last time
we were together.
- I just thought that it was--
- A mistake.
A mistake?
You show up. you disappear.
You make plans.
you don't follow through.
and now you're here.
like. professing your love?
Where's our relationship?
In your head?
I mean. I'm sorry.
Did we not just have
an amazing time together?
Am I crazy?
I just-- I'm sorry.
I thought it was--
A big fucking mistake.
It almost cost me
my relationship.
This place. literally everything
I'm working towards.
So this is your future now?
To like. be hidden
in this place here?
His wife knows about me.
What does that mean. Jules?
He's not gonna leave
his wife for you.
- Jules. come on.
- [Brushes scraping]
You're just a little toy
that he keeps locked
in a little room.
"Don't go anywhere.
don't see anyone. just--
Just stay there and paint
until I come back to fuck you"?
- [Brush thuds]
- [smacking]
[items clattering]
Ellis is gonna be here
in 45 minutes.
so I suggest you get
the fuck out of my painting.
[Door opens]
[door slams closed]
[button clicking]
[elevator whirring]
[light clacking]
[people chattering]
So. you walk in.
get Marc's attention.
say the lines.
and that's the scene.
Picture's up!
- [Crew one] Picture's up.
- [Crew two] Picture's up.
This your first time
on camera?
Um... kinda.
Just take a deep breath.
you're gonna be great.
- [Rue] Cassie only
had a few lines.
- [Crew] Roll sound.
[Buzzer sounding]
- Sound speeds.
- [Rue] But she studied
them religiously.
- Mark.
- [Slate clacking]
And action!
- [Patty] Oh.
- [Director] Oh. my God.
She's got
an interesting figure.
- Yeah. she's very. uh. womanly.
- [Patty] Mm.
[Flirtatiously] Hi.
Are you hiring?
Are you good?
Well. I worked at Tableau
for over a year.
I see.
So. Jagger was your boss.
What are you implying?
[Sighs]
Jagger and I go way back.
Let's just say. uh.
you're not the first girl
to come running once
the honeymoon's over.
Wait. The honeymoon?
Let's just say
you're not the first girl
to come running once the...
...Honeymoon is over.
[Softly]
I'm just trying to survive.
- [Crew] What?
- [Crew muttering]
Is-- is that the line?
- [Crew continues muttering]
- What's she talking about?
- This isn't the dialogue.
- [Cassie] I mean. you think
you would know someone
after five years.
but you don't.
Did you give her
the wrong script?
I don't know what's happening.
Well. you must have 'cause
I didn't write those lines.
- [Director] Yeah.
what's she talking about?
- Uh...
- Spencer. that line's
not in the script.
- Does anybody have a...
[Softly] He just lied
and lied and lied.
And I did everything for him.
and what do I get in return?
A bloody nose
on my wedding night.
- [Sobbing]
- Did Jagger hit you?
- What's he doing?
- I don't know. he's--
He's rolling with it though.
Should we just cut?
You know. I find it
rather compelling.
Let's-- let's just let it roll.
Maybe I deserved it.
Hey.
- No woman deserves to get hit.
- No. but I do.
I stole him from
my best friend. I mean...
[Sniffling]
I think this is the price I pay.
[Director]
It's very compelling.
but how does this
- fit into the script?
- [Patty] I don't know.
It feels fresh
and it's giving me the feels.
I think she's got something.
[Director] Well. she might.
but she seems a little unhinged.
Excuse me!
Is someone gonna cue me?
Enter!
[Footsteps approaching]
Hello. Marc.
So. you gonna introduce me
to your little friend?
Oceana.
This isn't what it looks like.
I have all the dirt to shut
Jagger... bars down.
[Director] And cut!
Was that improv?
What were you doing?
- [People muttering]
- You okay?
[Chuckles softly] Yeah.
I want to see that girl.
[Crew continues muttering]
[Patty]
How long have you been acting?
Um...
Basically my whole life.
- Have you?
- Mm-hmm.
- Yes. Lexi. I have.
- Mm.
Um. it's been my dream
to do it full-time though.
- Mm-hmm.
- Especially on a show
like LA Nights.
Well. I hope you learned
from this experience
- and you continue to grow.
- Mm.
So. what do you do for a living?
- [Cassie] I create content.
- For OnlyFans.
OnlyFans?!
That's that site.
- Mm-hmm.
- So. you pose nude.
Oh. no. not fully nude.
- You've posed fully nude.
- [Scoffs]
I mean. it is so tasteful.
so it doesn't even
look like it's nude.
What about. like.
your special requests?
- Oh. [laughing]
- Fetish stuff and JOIs?
- [Cassie sighs]
- JOIs?
- What's that?
- [Laughing]
[laughing]
Um. it's just when. uh...
When guys pay me extra money
- to kind of tell them--
- It's jerk-off instructions.
- What?!
- Is what it stands for.
- That's insane.
- So you're a sex worker.
[Laughs] No. I am not!
I am not a sex worker.
- They need instructions?
- [Cassie] I'm a performer
that uses my body
to tell stories.
[Patty] Huh.
So. how does that
affect you emotionally?
The hardest part
is how people treat me.
- [Clicking tongue] Oh. Yeah.
- Even my own family.
- [Straw slurping]
- [Cassie] But it's also
very empowering.
Hm. like a new
sort of feminism.
[Cassie] Exactly.
- That's debatable.
- Mm!
I see.
So. as I understand it.
there's a lot of young women
who do this today.
Oh. my God. there's a whole
wave of girls like me.
Yeah. which is a problem.
This is why
you brought her here.
To get her out of that world
and into a better one.
- Mm-hmm.
- [Director] Hm.
- Mm-hmm. yeah.
- [Patty] That's a very
interesting character arc.
Jane Fonda. Klute.
[Patty] Young hustler.
has a secret other life.
[Director] Tabitha's sister.
Good girl. bad girl.
- Yeah.
- [Director] Brilliant!
Well. unfortunately.
uh. "job applicant"
only has one scene.
Does she?
- Yeah. and then we...
- Mm-hmm.
...Never see her again.
Maybe we do.
Oh. my God.
Are you saying you're gonna
write me into the show?
It depends.
You ready to leave
that world behind?
Not just for us.
but for your sister?
The answer
you're searching for?
"Yes. ma'am. thank you."
- Yes. ma'am. thank you.
- [Director sighs]
[Cassie squeals.
gasps]
- Yes! Oh!
- [Patty] Look at us.
- Bringing families together.
- [Clapping] Aw.
I can't believe I'm gonna be
a main character.
Okay. she didn't specify
main or supporting.
- It's just a storyline.
- I mean. this is my dream.
This is what
I've always dreamed of.
I'm gonna be on TV.
People are gonna know my name.
You gotta tone it down.
Thank you. God!
- I'm gonna be famous!
- [Shushing]
[Cassie screaming excitedly]
[Lexi] [sighs]
Not if you don't
delete your OnlyFans.
[Cassie whines]
[♪ Suspenseful music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[computer pad clicking]
[breathing deeply]
[whispering] Please help me.
Please help me. Please help me.
[Grunting]
Nate. answer the fucking phone!
I need your advice.
Where the fuck are you?
[Grunting]
[♪ Suspenseful music
continues playing]
intensifying]
Hm.
[Lexi]
When I recommended
her to casting.
I just knew you guys
would fall in love with her.
I like the storyline.
I like how risqué it is.
Totally.
You seem to have a pretty
good inside track on it.
Why don't you
take a stab at it?
Oh...
What do you mean?
Write it.
Why don't you write it?
- Me?
- [Sighs]
Don't look so surprised.
Act like you deserve it.
[Computer keys clacking]
[machine whirring]
[Rue]
The DEA told me to go
about business as usual.
- [Alexander sighs]
- So I brought the photos
of the key to Alexander.
Ah.
This is gonna take me a minute.
You wanna come back in an hour?
Uh. okay.
[Alexander exhales sharply]
- [whispering] Fuck.
- [Computer key clacking]
[machine continues whirring]
[♪ Soft organ music playing]
[person in prayer
whispering]
[phone buzzing]
[softly] Yo. what's up?
Mom?
Uh. sorry. I-- I thought
you were someone else.
[Chuckles] It's good
to hear your voice too.
Yeah. I'm good.
I mean... [scoffs]
I've been better.
but. yeah. I'm good.
Uh...
I'm actually in a church.
No. it's not a meeting.
I just. uh.
kinda decided to walk in.
I mean...
I believe in God.
I guess...
I just figured if He exists...
Then so does redemption.
If there's redemption.
then there's salvation.
And I...
Kinda need that.
[Sighs]
I just. um...
I don't really want to be stuck
with all the mistakes I've made.
It's hard to change
when all you can think about
is all the bad things
you've done.
I just wanna be free
to start over.
[Sighs]
I just want to start over.
And I wanna be forgiven.
Thanks. Mom.
I miss you.
[Sniffling]
I miss you a lot.
I miss being home.
[Sniffling]
Yeah. I'm gonna come by soon.
[chuckles]
I love you.
I love you so much and I'm sorry
if I made it harder.
I didn't really realize
how tough it is
to be out here by yourself.
I know I'm not alone.
[Sighs]
[sniffling]
Yeah. I know that.
But yeah. I'll. um...
But I'm coming home soon.
[Sighs softly]
I love you. Rue.
[Rue]
Love you. Mom.
[♪ Soft. somber music playing]
Why don't you just
kill her character?
'Cause I'm supposed
to build her up.
Mm. Okay.
So. build her up to kill her.
If someone doesn't die
periodically.
people get bored.
Otherwise. it's just.
you know...
Talking and talking.
How should I kill her?
[Chuckles]
There's so many ways.
[Dog barking]
[carrier humming]
[knocking]
Hello?
[Carrier] I got a package
for Cassie Jacobs.
You can just leave it
at the door!
[Carrier]
I need a signature.
Okay.
One second.
Hi.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
[Knife cutting]
[Cassie gasps]
[grunting]
[muttering]
Fucking endangered?
You wanna fuck with my life?
[Grunting]
You wanna fuck with me?
You wanna fuck with me?!
Well. fuck you.
faggot. cocksucker!
You fucking fucks!
You wanna ruin my life?
You wanna ruin
my fucking life?
I'll ruin your fucking life.
you fucking faggots!
Fuck you! Fuck you!
[Nate shouting]
[grunting]
[panting]
Little bitch
owes us money. huh?
[Nate] No! No!
Come here. little bitch.
- No.
- Come here.
No. No.
Ah! No! No!
- Fuck! Ah! You...
- Oh!
Mm.
- You don't need it?
- [Alamo] You need it
more than I do.
It's your plan.
Don't you wanna
see it through?
You-- you want me
to go to Laurie's?
I want you to do
whatever the fuck it takes.
Yo. what the fuck--
What the fuck is that?
It's suppertime.
[Snake hissing]
[Rue] Jesus.
[Bishop] You know the story
behind this snake?
Used to belong to Sweet.
Dancer.
She had a whole
freak act with it.
At night. she'd take it home.
let it curl up in bed with her
and fall asleep.
She loved this snake.
But one day...
It just stopped eating.
She switched from frozen rats
to live ones.
He'd choke them out. but...
Still wouldn't eat.
Finally. she took it
to the vet.
Said gotta be sick
or something.
Vet shakes his head
and says. "Miss...
This is a perfectly
healthy python."
Sweet shook her head.
It's got to be something wrong.
That's when the vet looked her
dead in her eye and said...
"The reason it wraps
itself around you at night"
"is because it's sizing you up."
"And the reason
it ain't eating...
Is because it's preparing
for a much larger meal."
Sweet came back to work.
told Alamo that story...
And I never heard him
laugh harder.
He gave her ten bands
for a snake
she'd have given him for free.
Why?
Because it's a reminder.
You never really know
a motherfucker's
true intentions.
Totally.
[Snake hissing]
You're gonna get
inside that safe?
Yeah.
Good.
It'd be real awkward
if I lied to your mother.
My mother?
Leslie.
Nice lady.
Told her how well
you're doing.
[Hissing]
[indistinct chatter]
[♪ Tense music playing]
[engine revving]
[narrator] [on audiobook]
Lord saw that the wickedness
- of man-- man-- thought--
- [Audiobook skipping]
was great in the earth.
That every intent of
the thought-- the thought--
Is only--
Was only evil continually.
[Voice deepening.
distorting]
[distorted voice continues]
Come on.
Shit.
[Truck engine rumbling]
[distorted voice continues.
audiobook continues skipping]
[hitting dashboard]
Stupid ass car.
[Tires screeching]
- [distorted voice continues]
- [beating dashboard]
[audiobook stopping]
[softly] Piece of shit.
- [Truck horn blaring]
- [gasps]
Ohh!
- Oh. shit!
- [Tires screeching]
- Fuck.
- [Car thudding]
[panting]
[steam hissing]
Fuck.
[Fire crackling]
[door dinging]
[♪ Dramatic music playing]
- [fire bursting]
- [gasps]
[♪ Soft. uplifting music
playing]
[chuckles softly]
[♪ Organ and choral music
playing]
continue]